while wait() do
for i,v in next, game.Players.LocalPlayer.Backpack:GetChildren() do
if v:isA("Tool") then
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid:EquipTool(v)
wait()
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid:UnequipTools()
end
end
end
wait(0.1)
while wait() do
for i,v in next, game.Players.LocalPlayer.Backpack:GetChildren() do
if v:isA("Tool") then
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid:EquipTool(v)
wait()
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid:UnequipTools()
end
end
end
wait(0.1)
while wait() do
for i,v in next, game.Players.LocalPlayer.Backpack:GetChildren() do
if v:isA("Tool") then
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid:EquipTool(v)
wait()
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid:UnequipTools()
end
end
end
wait(0.1)
while wait() do
for i,v in next, game.Players.LocalPlayer.Backpack:GetChildren() do
if v:isA("Tool") then
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid:EquipTool(v)
wait()
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid:UnequipTools()
end
end
end
wait(0.1)
while wait() do
for i,v in next, game.Players.LocalPlayer.Backpack:GetChildren() do
if v:isA("Tool") then
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid:EquipTool(v)
wait()
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid:UnequipTools()
end
end
end
wait(0.1)
while wait() do
for i,v in next, game.Players.LocalPlayer.Backpack:GetChildren() do
if v:isA("Tool") then
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid:EquipTool(v)
wait()
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid:UnequipTools()
end
end
end
wait(0.1)
while wait() do
for i,v in next, game.Players.LocalPlayer.Backpack:GetChildren() do
if v:isA("Tool") then
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid:EquipTool(v)
wait()
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid:UnequipTools()
end
end
end
wait(0.1)
while wait() do
for i,v in next, game.Players.LocalPlayer.Backpack:GetChildren() do
if v:isA("Tool") then
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid:EquipTool(v)
wait()
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid:UnequipTools()
end
end
end
wait(0.1)
while wait() do
for i,v in next, game.Players.LocalPlayer.Backpack:GetChildren() do
if v:isA("Tool") then
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid:EquipTool(v)
wait()
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid:UnequipTools()
end
end
end
wait(0.1)
while wait() do
for i,v in next, game.Players.LocalPlayer.Backpack:GetChildren() do
if v:isA("Tool") then
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid:EquipTool(v)
wait()
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid:UnequipTools()
end
end
end
wait(0.1)
